ensure cate user agent is used in every request (#972)
CCI-Tools/cate: CHANGES.md

## Version 2.1.5 (in development)

* Now including ODP dataset verification information in data sources for use by Cate App. 

> * Ensure Cate User Agent is set in every http request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure `User-Agent` header is set in every HTTP request made to CCI ODP web APIs. 
```
